You and your team of independent Software Contractors have been hired by New, Exciting and Revolutionary Designer Games (aka NERD Games)to provide some much-needed assistance in developing their innovativeWhistcard gameto be market ready.
NERD Games have a fully running version of the game, but it is limited in terms of configurability and the available NPCs (Non-Playable Cardplayers). Your task is simple.  Modify the design and implementation to improve configurability, to add new NPCs, and to facilitate the addition of other future changes

The Whist game play is briefly described below.  Note that some of the elements listed below as specific values are configurable.
1.Whist is played with a standard fifty-two card deck with foursuitsand thirteenranks in each suit.
2.The game involves fourplayers who play independently, i.e. there are no teams. The first player to score twenty points wins.
3.The game starts with a handof thirteen cards being dealt to each player, a trumpsuit being randomly selected (displayed in the upper left of Figure 1), and a player being randomly selected to start or lead.The game play then proceeds as follows: a.The player taking the leadcan play any card they wish from their hand to the centre; this card provides the basis for a trick. b.Play proceeds clockwise from the lead with each player playing one card in turn to follow the lead.c.Following players must play a card of the same suit as that lead if they have one.  If not, they may play any card they wish.d.Once every player has played one card, the winner is the player who has played the highest card of the trump suit if  any, or the highest card of the lead suit if not.e.The winner receives one point for winning the trick, and then leads for the next round starting a new trick.  Play ceases as soon as a player has won the game (received twenty points). 
4.If the players have played all their cards without anyone winning, play continues exactly as described from (3) starting with new deal.

The Whist game play is briefly described below.  Note that some of the elements listed below as specific values are configurable.1.Whist is played with a standard fifty-two card deck with foursuitsand thirteenranks in each suit.2.The game involves fourplayers who play independently, i.e. there are no teams. The first player to score twenty points wins.3.The game starts with a handof thirteen cards being dealt to each player, a trumpsuit being randomly selected (displayed in the upper left of Figure 1), and a player being randomly selected to start or lead.The game play then proceeds as follows: a.The player taking the leadcan play any card they wish from their hand to the centre; this card provides the basis for a trick. b.Play proceeds clockwise from the lead with each player playing one card in turn to follow the lead.c.Following players must play a card of the same suit as that lead if they have one.  If not, they may play any card they wish.d.Once every player has played one card, the winner is the player who has played the highest card of the trump suit if  any, or the highest card of the lead suit if not.e.The winner receives one point for winning the trick, and then leads for the next round starting a new trick.  Play ceases as soon as a player has won the game (received twenty points). 4.If the players have played all their cards without anyone winning, play continues exactly as described from (3) starting with new deal.The Whist program currently supports two types of players: humaninteractive players who select the card to play through a double-left-mouse-click, and one type of NPC, randomplayers who select a card to play from their hand randomly without regard for the rules.Your job is to support the following program and design enhancements:1.Additional NPC types are required immediately.  Others might be added in the future. Note that here “legal” means consistent with the rules. a.Legal: plays a random selection from all cards that can legally be played.b.Smart:  a player that records all relevant information and makes a reasonable, legal choice based on that information. A Smart player must produce smarter play than a legal player and have the necessary information available in a suitable form so that an extremely good NPC player could be developed based on the Smart player. A Smart player should assume that other players are playing legally.2.Parameters:  currently all elements of Whist are set in the code. The system should be made more configurable through a property file. You will have to make a judgement as to which parameters are worth making configurable.3.Three property files, all supporting repeatable runs (subject to interactive player choices) with a fixed seed “30006”.a.“original.properties”: one interactive player (0) and three random NPCs, and game settings as per the original package.b.“legal.properties”: four legal NPCs, with nbStartCards = 4 and winningScore = 6.c.“smart.properties: one interactive player (0), one smart NPC (1), and two legal NPCs, and game settings as per the original package. Note that, despite the graphics in Figure 1, an NPC must not be able to see another player’s card until they use it to lead or follow in the game play.  Player’s must not share information directly and must store their own informationabout the game they are playing, i.e. they must not access a common pool.  As well as cards played, a player can see which player played the card, and the scores. Note that inferred information is also useful, for example, when a player doesn’t follow suit,  that player must have no remaining cards in that suit.
